Upgrade the CURRENT WORKING GIT Civic application to use Band for real multi-agent coordination.

IMPORTANT:
- Do not redesign the application.
- Do not remove or break the existing Legistar integration.
- Do not remove the existing working cited AI briefing.
- Preserve the existing working single-agent briefing as a fallback.
- Before editing, confirm the current application runs successfully.
- Use the existing Python architecture rather than changing frameworks.
- Do not commit secrets.
- Make all Band functionality optional when credentials are absent.

GOAL

When a user requests an AI Meeting Brief for a LIVE government meeting, the government meeting data and agenda should move through a real Band multi-agent workflow:

GIT Coordinator
→ @GIT Source Verifier
→ @GIT Agenda Analyst
→ @GIT Civic Critic
→ @GIT Coordinator
→ GIT Civic UI

Band must be essential to the primary multi-agent flow. Do NOT simply run three local prompts and copy their outputs into a Band chat afterward.

Use Band's real @mention routing so each agent hands its findings to the next agent.

TECHNOLOGY

Use the current Band Python SDK and a supported Python adapter.

Preferred approach:
- band-sdk
- PydanticAIAdapter if appropriate for the existing application
- OpenRouter as the LLM provider through its OpenAI-compatible interface

Inspect the current project before choosing packages and use the smallest reliable dependency set.

Use environment variables for all credentials.

Add placeholders to `.env.example`, but NO actual values:

BAND_COORDINATOR_AGENT_ID=
BAND_COORDINATOR_API_KEY=
BAND_SOURCE_VERIFIER_AGENT_ID=
BAND_SOURCE_VERIFIER_API_KEY=
BAND_AGENDA_ANALYST_AGENT_ID=
BAND_AGENDA_ANALYST_API_KEY=
BAND_CIVIC_CRITIC_AGENT_ID=
BAND_CIVIC_CRITIC_API_KEY=
OPENROUTER_API_KEY=
OPENROUTER_MODEL=

Do not expose any of these values to the browser.

AGENT RESPONSIBILITIES

1. GIT Coordinator

Owns the workflow.

It receives:
- meeting metadata
- jurisdiction
- official source URL
- agenda items
- unique job/request ID

It must hand the evidence to @GIT Source Verifier.

The Coordinator must NOT write the substantive meeting summary itself.

The final approved brief must come back to the Coordinator from the Civic Critic.

2. GIT Source Verifier

Its only job is source integrity.

Check the supplied meeting information and agenda evidence.

Determine:
- which information came from the official government source
- whether agenda items contain adequate source information
- whether anything appears unsupported or inconsistent

Do NOT provide political analysis.
Do NOT infer political intent.
Do NOT recommend positions.

When finished, explicitly @mention GIT Agenda Analyst and pass only the verified information forward.

This must be a dependent Band handoff.

3. GIT Agenda Analyst

Create a neutral plain-English civic meeting brief using ONLY the verified information supplied by GIT Source Verifier.

Return structured data containing:

- meeting_summary
- key_topics
- why_residents_may_care
- how_to_participate
- citations

Rules:
- Remain politically neutral.
- Do not endorse or oppose legislation, candidates, parties, officials, or policy positions.
- Clearly separate factual agenda information from general explanatory context.
- Every significant meeting-specific factual claim should trace to the supplied official evidence.
- Do not invent missing facts.

When the draft is complete, explicitly @mention GIT Civic Critic and send the draft plus its supporting citations.

4. GIT Civic Critic

Act as an evidence and neutrality gate.

Compare the Agenda Analyst's draft against the evidence that reached it through Band.

Check for:
- unsupported factual claims
- missing citations
- invented information
- politically persuasive language
- recommendations about what position a citizen should take
- misleading certainty
- source mismatch

The Critic has authority to BLOCK the brief.

If problems exist:

Return:

BLOCKED

Explain exactly what is unsupported or needs revision.

Then @mention GIT Agenda Analyst with specific correction instructions.

The Agenda Analyst must revise and submit the corrected brief back to GIT Civic Critic.

If the brief passes:

Return:

APPROVED

plus the final structured brief.

Then explicitly @mention GIT Coordinator.

This critic veto must be a real Band interaction, not simulated text.

BAND ROOM

For every AI briefing job, create or use a Band room associated with that briefing request.

Include a unique request/job ID in the workflow so concurrent requests cannot become mixed.

The Band room should visibly record the agent handoffs and execution events.

Expose the Band room identifier in the server-side result.

If Band provides a safe user-viewable console link or room reference, make that available to the UI without exposing credentials.

Do not fabricate a Band URL.

APPLICATION UI

Upgrade the existing "GIT Intelligence" section.

When Band mode is running, show the actual workflow stages:

✓ Official government data retrieved

✓ Source Verifier checked evidence

✓ Agenda Analyst created plain-English brief

✓ Civic Critic reviewed evidence

✓ Brief approved

If the Critic blocks a draft during the run, display:

"Evidence review requested a revision."

Do not expose private chain-of-thought.

It is acceptable to show:
- agent names
- handoffs
- status
- tool/action events
- approval/block decisions

Do not show hidden reasoning or secrets.

Display a badge:

"Multi-Agent Brief — Powered by Band"

Only show that badge when the briefing actually went through the Band workflow.

FALLBACK

The hackathon demo must remain reliable.

If Band is unavailable, credentials are missing, an agent disconnects, or the Band process times out:

1. Do not crash.
2. Fall back to the existing working cited single-agent briefing.
3. Clearly label the result:

"Single-Agent Fallback"

Do not falsely claim that fallback output went through Band.

Keep a reasonable timeout so a failed multi-agent request cannot hang the application indefinitely.

DEMO MODE

Add a small developer/demo status area that shows:

Government Data:
LIVE / FALLBACK

AI Brief:
BAND MULTI-AGENT / SINGLE-AGENT FALLBACK

Source Verification:
PASSED / REVISION REQUESTED / NOT RUN

Civic Critic:
APPROVED / BLOCKED / NOT RUN

This should be visually clean and understandable by hackathon judges.

README

Update README.md with:

### Multi-Agent Architecture

Explain these four roles:

GIT Coordinator
→ Source Verifier
→ Agenda Analyst
→ Civic Critic
→ Coordinator

Explain that Band's @mention routing creates dependent handoffs.

Explain the critic veto.

Include this sentence conceptually:

"Without the Band room, the primary briefing workflow loses its evidence-verification handoff and independent critic gate."

Do not claim functionality that is not actually implemented.

Include a section titled:

"Why Band is essential"

Also document:
- Legistar official government data
- OpenRouter model access if actually used
- fallback behavior
- privacy principles
- politically neutral agenda explanations

TESTS

Before declaring success:

1. Start the application.
2. Confirm existing Discover functionality still works.
3. Confirm a live government meeting opens.
4. Request an AI Meeting Brief.
5. Confirm a Band room/workflow is created.
6. Confirm Source Verifier hands the task to Agenda Analyst through Band.
7. Confirm Agenda Analyst hands the draft to Civic Critic through Band.
8. Confirm Civic Critic can approve a valid brief.
9. Create one controlled test containing an unsupported claim and verify that Civic Critic BLOCKS it.
10. Confirm the analyst can revise after a block.
11. Confirm the approved result returns to the UI.
12. Disable or invalidate Band configuration temporarily and verify the existing single-agent fallback still succeeds.
13. Confirm no API keys appear in HTML, logs intended for users, README, git diff, or committed files.
14. Run the existing smoke checks.
15. Fix all runtime errors.

After everything works, tell me:

- which files were changed
- which Band SDK/adapter was used
- whether all four Band identities connected
- whether @mention handoffs were verified
- whether the critic successfully blocked the controlled bad claim
- whether fallback mode still works
- whether OpenRouter is powering the Band agents
- the exact environment variable names required
- whether all changes were committed and pushed to GitHub

Do not proceed to Brave, Similarweb, Vultr, Crusoe, GPS, user authentication, or additional jurisdictions during this task.